#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrartcl
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Project Proposal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Robert Brockman, Justin DeVito, Ricky LeVan
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Statement of Problem
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With the discovery of the Higgs-like particle at the Large Hadron Collider
 (LHC), all of the important predictions of the Standard Model of particle
 physics have been tested.
 The focus of particle physics has now shifted to the search for new particles
 associated with extensions of the Standard Model.
 One such search involves the search for a particular particle associated
 with an extension to the Standard Model known as supersymmetry (SUSY).
 In particular, physicists at the Compact Muon Solenoid (CMS) detector group
 at the LHC are interested in verifying a SUSY model that predicts specific
 p-p collision events which generate the super-symmetric partner to the
 top quark known as the 
\emph on
stop
\emph default
 squark.
 Verification of these models requires an efficient classifier capable of
 separating signal 
\emph on
stop
\emph default
 squark events from background events.
 More efficient classifiers allow discoveries to be made with fewer events,
 less expensive beam time, and thus lower cost.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Objectives
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our initial objectives are as follows:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Use ANN techniques to build a classifier that is more efficient at verifying
 the SUSY model under consideration than what the CMS detector group at
 the LHC currently uses.
 Classifier efficiency is measured by discovery significance per unit beam
 luminosity.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Parallelize the above classifier so that it can run efficiently on Bonner
 Lab computing clusters at Rice.
 We want a working tool that CMS can use to evaluate real physics data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If these objectives can be achieved quickly and easily, we can proceed on
 to investigate the larger problem of searching for new physics in LHC data:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
To understand what clustering techniques are state-of-the-art among modern
 physicists for discovering new physics.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Attempt to build a clustering approach to find detect particles in simulated
 collisions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Technical Approach to Initial Goals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our classifier will be trained on simulated data generated by PYTHIA, a
 particle physics simulator which can be tuned to represent the appropriate
 SUSY model.
 If the SUSY theory under consideration is correct, a classifier which works
 on the simulated data will detect the 
\emph on
stop 
\emph default
squark on the real data from the CMS detector.
 The raw data has been provided by Onkur Sen, a senior physics major working
 with Professor Paul Padley at Bonner Lab.
 His senior thesis involves using boosted decision trees to solve the same
 problem, so we will have a readily available standard of comparison against
 which to judge our performance.
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The raw simulated data consists of events with three particle clusters (called
 jets), each of which is defined by a 4-vector (relativistic momentum and
 energy).
 Thus each event fundamentally consists of 12 scalars and a classification
 (signal or background).
 In addition, Python scripts provided by Onkur can reparameterize the data
 into a smaller number of scalar features which physicists have judged to
 be useful in separating out the background.
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To begin analyzing this data, we wish to compare and contrast the abilities
 of GHA and an eigenvalue approach.
 One or the other may prove more useful in determining a “natural” dimensionalit
y of the data.
 Ideally, we will derive different higher-level features from the data with
 our own methods.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With the reduced dimensions in hand, we will run the data through a supervised
 learning paradigm to teach a network to respond appropriately to the presence
 of the absence of the 
\emph on
stop
\emph default
 particle.
 In this we will use our standard, n-layer backpropagation algorithm.
 We will have as many input PE's as prominent features, and since we are
 working with a simple classifier, we will have simply 2 output PE's.
 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For better computing performance using parallel computation, we plan to
 investigate packages such as P_ARPACK, ScaLAPACK, or Julia.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
