{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 I. Particle Physics Background
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 	We are searching for supersymmetric top quarks at the Large Hadron Collider. In the massive data from the LHC, there are collisions of particles which correspond to a particular type of decay mode. The supersymmetric particles decay in this mode, and thus we wish to search for these type of particle-decay events. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 	A difficulty is that there is also tremendous background noise, in which we have data that looks very similar to the desired decay mode, but is in fact different. The signal closely resembles the noise. This means our task is to develop a filter subtle enough to distinguish between the two with statistical significance. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 III. Artificial Neural Network methods. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 We have input data consisting of signal and noise events, which we wish to classify. For each event, quantities such as energy and momentum four-vectors have been recorded. However, the physicists have devised a different (and smaller) set of scalar parameters, eight in total, which represent significant features of the data. We use these as our input features, and thus we have an eight-dimensional input space for events. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Our goal is to maximize the statistical significance, defined as (BLAH) through obtaining a larger ratio of signal to noise than would otherwise be possible without machine learning techniques. We attack the problem with a Multilayer Perceptron trained through Backpropagation, as well as with an SOM. In the case of the SOM, prototypes attached to the lattice neurons naturally find clusters of patterns in the input space. Upon completing the SOM training, we can see which lattice neurons become associated with regions of especially rich signal concentration. We then look to the where in the input space the corresponding prototype points to find a region of higher significance. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 IV. Testing for Significance
\f1\fs24 \
}